That son of a...
Is someone in there?
I'll break the door down.
You've been in there
half an hour!
WC
OUT OF SERVICE
Dude, everyone has
to use the bathroom.
What a mess he made.
There are blankets in the closet
and comfy clothes.
I have clothes.
We try to make our patients
as comfortable as possible.
Try to rest.
You have group therapy
first thing.
-Therapy?
-There's the schedule
with all the times.
-You wake us up at 8am?
-Is that too early?
Ten hours of sleep?
-I usually get four.
-But you agreed to come here.
-You're in our hands here.
-So I see.
You have to give me your phone.
-My phone?
-It's a window
to the outside,
which is no good.
I have to call my daughter.
Or my mom, my colleagues.
There's a phone
in the stairwell.
There's a schedule,
you can put your name down.
Another list?
Thank you.
Rest up.
I...
I need you.
Who is this?
What are you doing?
It was ringing and...
I thought it might be urgent.
-Why is it hidden?
-It's not hidden.
Right, but...
there's a key under the drawer
and you have another phone.
This is my work one.
You speak to patients
on the other one.
Hey, do I go into your room
and rifle through your stuff?
No.
It's just a bit weird, Grandma.
Okay, fine.
You got me.
I'm a Russian spy.
And now...
I'll have to kill you.
Go on, go to your room
-and stop fantasizing.
-Okay.
I'm just saying,
it didn't sound like a patient.
Sorry?
It was an unknown number
and a man picked up
saying he needed you.
Exactly, a patient.
The way he said he needed you,
he didn't sound like a patient.
What are you doing?
That's rat poison.
It's poison, dammit.
-I can't go on.
-You must never give up.
-Never.
-Who cares?
-You'll kill me anyway.
-Why wouldn't I have already?
Come on, up.
You'll get out of here alive.
-When?
-Tomorrow.
Now, let's get down to it.
I'm just going to shave you.
You're in a weird mood today.
Chin.
Better like this than dry,
right?
Edmond Dantés never gave up.
Edmond Dantés? I...
don't know who he is.
Right. The Count of Montecristo,
by Alejandro Dumas.
You haven't read it?
No.
Well...
it's about a man
who's locked up,
despite being innocent.
A real drama.
He spends years in jail.
And the whole time he's there,
day after day,
he devises the ultimate revenge.
Killing someone is easy...
but the dead don't suffer.
Living through hell
is what destroys you.
Help me, please.
-Please.
-My God.
Help me, please.
But...
-You have to go to hospital.
-No. You help me.
Get the bullet out.
What? Me?
Please.
-Take it out.
-I can't.
-Get it out.
Please.
Take it out.
Come on, get it out.
No, I can't. I can't.
Do it!
What the hell...?
Police, how can we help?
I'm at the boarding house
on De la Cruz Street.
-You requested to send flowers?
-Yes.
I already sent the address.
Just a second, please.
-Aren't you signing the card?
-It's a surprise.
There we go.
It's done.
It's here, room seven.
There was yelling,
like they were killing someone.
Police, open up, please.
Police!
Should I open it?
Go ahead.
Is there a problem?
Morning, sorry to disturb you.
We got reports of screams
coming from this room.
-Screams? Really?
-Yes, screams.
-What the hell's going on?
-Wait there, please.
-Can you identify yourself?
-Yes. I'm Andrea Llanes Castro.
Do you have company?
Isn't that obvious?
Is something wrong?
No, nothing's wrong.
I do what I like with
who I like. Is that a crime?
No.
As for the alleged screaming,
did something happen?
Well, that's what comes
with maturity.
A certain wisdom, particularly
in matters of pleasure.
-Anything else?
-No.
Sorry, we have to check
everything's in order.
Of course. I understand.
Good day.
What the hell...?
-What are you doing?
-Parking in my space.
-It's not yours anymore.
-It has been for years.
You were on the Parot case
for weeks and they took you off.
Excuse me?
-I didn't catch that.
-He's deaf, too.
Perhaps it's time
to take a desk job.
Perhaps you should find
somewhere else to park.
You're in the way.
-Hey.
-Good move with the car.
He just got here
and I'm already sick of him.
He asked the girl
at front desk
to buy him oat milk.
My buddy, who works downtown,
told me something interesting.
-What's that?
-They were called out
to a disturbance
at a boarding house today.
-So?
-When they arrived,
they found a woman and a guy...
And?
It was Isabel's mom.
-Isabel's mom?
-Yes, it was her.
They identified her.
She's a grown woman
and can be with who she wants.
Don't you think it's weird
Isabel's in an asylum...
Stop.
Not a word of this to Isabel
when she's back.
That's if she comes back, man.
Welcome to this first session.
Over the coming weeks,
we'll see each other
here every day.
So, let's start by sharing
the reason we're here
with the rest of the group.
I'll remind you
this is a safe space
and nobody will judge
anything you say.
Alright?
-Whenever you're ready.
-My...
My twin sister disappeared
when she was 15
and, well...
I never heard from her again.
My girlfriend died.
I was by her side.
On one of the trains bombed
in Madrid in 2014.
My baby.
I dropped him,
he slipped out my hands.
Now he has brain damage.
It's okay.
When you're ready.
I'd rather not speak.
Your peers have spoken,
it's... a good thing.
-Is it mandatory?
-It's part of the therapy.
Right.
You think not talking about it
means it will disappear.
But it won't,
it'll always be there.
What I do or don't believe
is my business.
-And mine as your therapist.
-I didn't want to come.
But you had to.
I read your report.
Denialism,
self-destructive behavior,
not to mention...
Patients are free from judgment?
What's the purpose of your life?
To keep being a victim?
No, I don't live as a victim,
I don't consider myself one.
Imagine that 16-year-old you
is sitting in this chair.
Something awful
just happened to you...
I'd rather not imagine it,
thanks.
What would
that girl tell you?
I don't know.
But I'm not doing this.
It says here you open
at 9am, right?
It's now 9:10.
A contract with your clients
that you're breaching.
-Traffic.
-Traffic?
Or you open up when
you damn well feel like it?
Incompetence and laziness
have ruined this country.
"Spain, land of festive
frivolity,
of sardonic spirit
and stagnant soul."
Do you have the old newspapers
I asked for?
Well, at least you did
something right.
Would you like a bag?
She seemed
like such a normal girl...
Please.
Excuse me, I'm here...
Well, perhaps it's not here.
Complaints, at front desk.
I don't know if it's a complaint
or...
Well, come back when you do.
This is a police station.
I saw something
that might be connected
to that monkey killer,
yesterday.
That case belongs to...
Well.
Come this way.
I was in the bar last night
and needed to pee.
But there was someone
in the bathroom and the guy...
wasn't coming out.
-You get me?
-I do.
He eventually came out
and he dropped the mask.
The monkey mask.
Like the one on TV.
-Did you see his face?
-No.
He had his hood up.
He was hiding the mask.
Why didn't you report this
last night?
Well, I wasn't...
I wasn't in the best shape.
I was pretty wasted.
"I was really drunk."
Are you sure of what you saw?
The first thing I thought of
this morning,
when I felt human,
was the mask.
And then, the blood.
What blood?
The blood in the toilet.
The toilet, the floor,
the sink...
It was everywhere.
Sorry.
You took your time
with the lock.
It's a long way down from here.
-Best to avoid accidents.
-Sure.
But I won't be having
any accidents.
Sure. But I don't know that.
If you tried it once,
-you could do it again.
-What did I try?
-Say it.
-Two suicide attempts.
The latest was just days ago.
I don't mean to bother you,
I just brought you these.
YOU HAVE TO STAY STRONG
THE BEST IS YET TO COME
EL MOLINILLO BAR
-Hello?
-Hello.
-Who is it?
-Nieto, can you hear me?
-It's Isabel.
-Isabel.
-How are you?
-Good, I'm good.
You didn't need
to send anything.
Sorry? What?
The yellow roses...
you sent me and the card...
Damn.
"The best is yet to come".
Will you be long?
I just started.
I didn't send you anything.
They weren't from you?
No.
I'd never apologize like that.
What I did was...
Okay. There's nothing left
to say, then.
You have to try and get up.
We have to change the sheets.
Come on.
Thank you.
"That's why I decided
to write to you,
rather than going
through lawyers.
At the end of the day,
I'm your father
and I feel responsible
for your actions.
I've decided that my fortune,
which I told you
you won't be seeing,
will go to your victims,
those poor girls
whose innocence
and youth you stole.
I'm leaving them
the house in Sotogrande,
the two estates in Toledo..."
Son of a... !
You have a 20-minute break
before the next activity.
-How's it going?
-All good.
Relax, it's me.
Are you stupid?
You scared me.
What are you doing in the woods?
It's like this or not at all.
They won't let me see you,
you hang up when I call.
I'm here to get away
from negative stimuli,
-but it's impossible.
-Nice way to label me.
-Why are you here?
-I wanted to see how you were.
Okay, now you've seen me.
Go back to your life.
Solve the case,
now that I can't.
I'm off the case.
What?
They threw me off it.
Why?
-Apparently, I can't cut it.
-Why did they drop you?
Neglecting my professional duty.
So, letting personal issues
affect the investigation.
It's because of me?
It's because of me.
Who's in charge now?
Some asshole they brought in.
Goddammit.
Where did you leave off?
Forget the case.
You should rest.
What did you find?
A guy showed up today
saying he saw someone
in a bar last night
with the monkey mask.
He left the place
covered in blood.
Is he reliable?
Well, he was drunk.
-We'd have to check it out.
-Where's the bar?
Molineros Street,
in the suburbs.
What am I doing?
They took my phone.
Give me yours.
Please.
Let's see...
where that bar is.
LA FLORIDA GATED COMPLEX
La Florida Gated Complex.
Who lives there?
The son of a bitch, Haro.
I HEARD YOU'RE OFF THE CASE
Can we talk?
I can't. I'm in a hurry.
I can't hear you.
-I'm in a hurry.
-I can't hear you.
I want to tell you something.
Something nobody else knows.
What's it about?
Can I get in
or will you get out?
-It's a bit difficult like this.
-Like this is fine. Go ahead.
It's something
the public should know.
They know everything
about you already.
Not everything.
CALL ME
Do any other ex-cons live
near the bar?
No.
You know all
their addresses from memory?
That's right.
I'd forgotten your memory
is one of your...
strengths.
And never giving up
is one of yours.
Let's stop flattering
each other...
and do some work.
Do you realize they had
to throw us both off the case
for us
to start working together?
Ana Hurtado.
It just had to be her.
You don't know
what our relationship was.
No.
Just that you had sex,
hours after spending
the night with me.
-Yes.
-That's all I need to know.
I was angry because you thought
I'd taken the photo
-with your phone and then...
-Sure.
That's an excuse
that makes perfect sense.
-It's not an excuse.
-Don't grab me.
You don't owe me an explanation.
I wanted to. I came last night
but they wouldn't let me in.
I'm glad, or I'd have had
to throw you out myself.
-I don't believe you.
-Really?
There is one thing I'm sure of.
You've never believed in me.
You couldn't even be
a good partner.
-Isabel, let me explain.
-You don't have to,
there's nothing between us.
I'm going, or I'll be late
for biofeedback class...
or whatever the hell
it's called.
My parents would chain me
to the radiator.
For hours.
And I have a scar
on my back because...
when I was five,
they burned me with a hot poker.
When I cried, they'd push
my head underwater
until I stopped.
I wouldn't wish my childhood
on anyone.
Anyone.
-That's him, right?
-Yes, that's him.
Mr. López de Haro,
may we ask some questions?
-What's this?
-We just want answers.
Turn the camera off, please.
Do you know what your
son's accused you of?
What crap is he saying?
About what you did to him
as a boy?
What...?
What's he saying?
Your son has accused you
of child abuse.
-Your wife as well.
-What?
He claims his own mother
abused him, is it true?
Look here,
stop with this madness.
My wife never abused him.
She never laid a hand on him.
And neither did I.
Now, turn off the camera.
Get out of here.
Leave me alone.
-We just want to confirm...
-Leave me be!
Are you alright?
Are you okay?
Javi, call an ambulance!
Shit.
ACCUSED OF CHILD ABUSE
BY HIS SON,
THE MARQUESS OF VALMESADO
HAS HEART ATTACK IN THE STREET
You were asking for it, Dad.
PLANET SOUND FESTIVAL TICKET
PRINTING
CONNECTED
CONGRATS, YOU'VE WON TWO TICKETS
TO PLANET SOUND FESTIVAL
What do you want?
I'm hardly thrilled
to see you too.
But I have
some questions for you.
And you think I'll answer?
We can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
You answer me politely
or I get a warrant
-and you come to the station.
-So, get that warrant.
I'm trying to find out
who's killing you guys.
Why didn't you say so?
It's hard to understand you
if you're not explicit.
A man was seen near here
last night wearing a mask.
And he was injured.
And you connected
the dots all on your own?
With the tiny brain
God gave you?
I asked you to respond politely.
It was him. The killer.
-How do you know?
-Because he came to kill me.
What happened?
I'm still here.
Did you attack him?
-Where are you going with this?
-I want to know
-if it was serious.
-No idea.
Perhaps he tripped
and fell as he fled.
Right.
I've been very polite
and patient.
I think we both have work to do.
And I just did yours for you.
So, if you don't mind...
Don't panic, girl.
We'll study the equations
and you'll get it, you'll see.
I don't know, I'm pretty dumb.
Let me just check my mail.
I spoke to Pili
from the other class
and she already took the exam.
It's not so easy.
And the teacher is crap,
how am I to learn anything?
I have to do it all myself.
-You're a drama queen.
-No, I'm not.
I already failed Spanish.
If I fail math too,
my mom will kill me.
-What's this?
-Are you listening?
Yes, hold on, I've got...
"Congrats, you won two tickets
to Planet Sound Festival".
-What? I can't believe it.
-Let's see.
-Wait, this is unbelievable!
-They're for tonight.
That's amazing, girl!
How lucky is that?
-I can't believe it.
-It must be a fake.
Fake?
I probably filled something out.
I'm always filling out forms
to get free stuff.
-So, it was a contest?
-I don't know, who cares?
-We're going for free!
-For free! This is huge!
Unreal.
My God. What's up?
What do I tell my grandma?
Do you need permission
for every little thing?
-No.
-Yes.
Look, my parents
are out tonight.
Tell her you're sleeping
at my place.
What do you say?
-What should we wear?
-I'm so excited! Run!
Come on!
You don't know
how excited I am for tonight.
I'm like a kid on Christmas Eve.
I want this to be over with too.
We're in sync there, see?
-Have I put you through a lot?
-You have.
Oh, man.
That wasn't my intention.
This will all be worth it,
trust me.
Nobody has ever done
anything for me.
There are a lot of
unnecessary people out there.
And I'm one of them.
What do you see?
Nothing, nobody.
Well, I see someone essential.
COMMISSIONER
I want to speak to you.
In private.
This is an important meeting.
Whatever it is, it can wait.
I decide what can wait.
You're a proud man, Nieto.
I guess you've come
to apologize.
We said some nasty shit
the other day.
The murderer's DNA.
Excuse me?
He went after
López de Haro last night.
Then he holed up in a bar.
He's injured.
A witness saw him leave.
Shit.
He could be hiding
anywhere right now, but there...
we've got his identity.
Yes?
I'm freezing.
You're either freezing
or roasting here, right?
Is it part of the therapy?
The heater's broken.
Great.
These surroundings, the storm,
all we need now is a werewolf.
-It's good you can still laugh.
-Right.
This is for you,
it just arrived.
"Planet Sound Festival".